Add Sitemaps to v5 upgrade guide (#164)
humanmade/altis-documentation: other-docs/guides/upgrading/v5.md

$ composer require wpackagist-plugin/fb-instant-articles
```

#### Sitemaps

> The MSM Sitemaps plugin used to provide the XML Sitemaps feature however this has been superceded by the new core Sitemaps in WordPress 5.5. These were a collaboration between WordPress, Google and Human Made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The MSM Sitemaps plugin previously used to provide the XML Sitemaps feature has been superseded by the new core support for Sitemaps introduced in WordPress 5.5. These core sitemaps were developed in collaboration between WordPress, Google and Human Made.
```

> The update may require you to re-submit your sitemap index file in [Google Search Console](https://search.google.com/search-console/) as it has been relocated from `/sitemap.xml` to `/wp-sitemap.xml`. The new index sitemap URL is automatically added to the `robots.txt` file.

Reviewer: Will the old sitemap URL definitely be no longer present? Do they need to keep it around in `robots.txt` if they had done any customization previously?

Author: Correct, if anyone was using the built in MSM one it was being added to `robots.txt` in the same way and was also generating it so it's a clean switch in that regard.

If there have been any customisations then those will need to be ported across.
